		WINDOWJOBS
	Design a nice window interface for TPS

Use the Garnet system constructed by Brad Myers at CMU (x5150).

Document whatever is done on this project, and improve existing
documentation as opportunities arise.

	Window manager X11. Windows for different top levels, vpforms,
one or more proofwindows, a Status Window which would maintain pstatus
output and information which would give us some idea of what's going
on when we're running a very lengthy search.  This should include the
runcount, the name of the current jform, how many jforms have been
explored (and how many are still active), and (if this is practical)
some kind of counter which would give us an indication of when the
process is in a loop. 


Have windows for
top levels
 review
 lib
 show mating on vpform dynamically?

There's much that can be done to create tools which will facilitate
understanding what's going on.

Be able to move wffs from one place to another without using generic mode

Color?

	VPT chops off whatever will not fit on one page. Fix this, so that
the entire jform can be displayed by pasting the pages together. Then 
correct the mhelp message for vp-tex.

	Can one get manuals in Tex? Mention this in the User Manual.

	Create a mechanism for creating and examining very large records of
searches for theorems. This might require that the record be broken into 
many files so that each file is of manageable size for an editor. We should
be able to ask various questions about the run and have the computer help
us find what we want to look at. A record should be written and periodically
updated showing what option sets have been considered, what they are, how
much time has been spent on them, their current weights, etc.

	See if the mechanism to produce a printmatefile still works. It seems
not to when TPS is interrupted with ^C (i.e., the file gets lost if it was
being created). Deal with the situation. We also have recordfiles.

	There is a bug in the SCRIPT command.  The problem can be seen
if you start a script file in a sub-top-level (such as mate), then
leave that top-level.  When you leave, the script file will be
stopped.  The problem occurs because SCRIPT is implemented using catch
and throw.  Leaving the top-level does a throw past the catch set up
by SCRIPT, so the file gets closed.  To fix this, change the
implementation to avoid using throw and catch.  It is a shame that
this is necessary, because it is very simple now.
	
